we're just crossing now to w d who is
speaking now we got some translation
let's listen so at the end you wouldn't
leave your work uh to cover the events
where
to there is no safe place in Gaza at all
and no one is safe No One Is Safe from
the aggression and the treachery of the
occupation that's why we have left
um we have delegated our faith to Allah
Almighty and we will continue this path
that we have chosen at the end this is a
profession of troubles whatever you want
to call it and Allah the Almighty I hope
that Allah the almighty would bestow
patience Upon
Us during the coverage that you did over
the past days depicting uh Gest are
being targeted and you stayed here
steadfast do you think do you think that
your coverage has urged and angered the
army of the occupation so that they
could Target your family unfortunately
everything is possible these days all
red lines have been crossed by the
occupation Army and this is very
probable however here we want to say for
the record that when we carry out our
duties we do it to the fullest with high
professionalism in the middle of bodies
and and the and the injured and in the
middle of
Destruction we have a professionality
that they would need eons for them to
meet that
professionalism so we work everything
that takes place on the ground our
camera would capture
without without any fabrication and
without even exaggerating we are not
exaggerating what's happening is truly
big and the coverage has to be big as
well please
finally if you
would although that's reality now is Mex
so would you pursue legal um legal
pursuit to prosecute the occupation for
murdering your
family let's um let's see what happens
after surgeries that some of my family
members are undergoing and after we bury
our dead and then we will talk about
this matter thank
you uh that was while D speaking uh just
remember he has lost his wife son and
daughter and as we just heard other
family members are undergoing surgery as
a result of the shelling of their house
in nerat in the central Gaza Strip he's
been reporting live from Gaza City all
day and with was told of this terrible
news while he was working he was
speaking there just well an hour or so
after he's heard that he's lost his his
wife daughter and son uh Standing Tall
in his grief I'd say um saying it's
possible that his family was targeted
because of the work that he does as a
correspondent in Gaza let's speak with
the political analyst marwin Bashar
joins us now from London and again marn
goes back to our original point doesn't
it he was standing tall in his grief
extraordinary the thing is that I think
unfortunately for him aside from the
death of his family I think he's become
an immune he's become immune suffering
he's become immune I'm not sure he
actually got to him I'm not sure he can
feel anything probably anymore he lives
in the midst of death and Mayhem and
destruction probably all his life
certainly the last two weeks but
certainly all his life you know Bings
have not stopped on Gaza
the past 18 years hundred waves of
bombings these people live in fear and
death and destruction and poverty they
become immune and and now listening to
him you would expect a man so angry to
be
cursing but he's not he's his revenge is
to tell the truth his revenge against
his tormentors and The Killers his his
family is to tell the truth about the
occupation about why he like the rest of
the Palestinians are suffering and have
been suffering and that they need to
continue to be steadfast this is his
revenge this is his
response truth
telling it's just incredible when people
can be so Humane and so cible I wouldn't
be able to do that if I were in this
place no all right Menan uh back with
you later thanks for that for the time
being M Bashar political analyst